.TH OBJECTIFIED\-BROWSE\-PROJECTS 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified browse projects \- List projects for a tenant from GET /v1/browse/tenants/{tenant}/projects (public directory without auth; optional credentials include private projects)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified browse projects TENANT [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--domain <value>]
    [--has-published] [--search <value>] [--limit <value>] [--all]

ARGUMENTS
  TENANT  Tenant slug (for example acme-corp).

DESCRIPTION
  List projects for a tenant from GET /v1/browse/tenants/{tenant}/projects
  (public directory without auth; optional credentials include private
  projects)

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified browse projects acme-corp

  $ objectified --json browse projects acme-corp

  $ objectified browse projects acme-corp --search payment --domain finance

  $ objectified browse projects acme-corp --has-published --all

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --all             Print every project returned by the API after filters (no
                    --limit cap).
  --domain=<value>  Filter by project metadata domain or domainCategory
                    (case-insensitive; server-side).
  --has-published   Only projects with at least one published version (any
                    visibility for members; public publishes only when
                    unauthenticated).
  --limit=<value>   [default: 50] Maximum rows to display (1–500; default 50).
                    Ignored with --all.
  --search=<value>  Filter project slug and name (substring; applied on the
                    server).

SEE ALSO
  objectified browse tenants

  objectified projects list

  objectified auth status

  objectified docs errors
.fi
