.TH OBJECTIFIED\-AUTH\-LOGIN 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified auth login \- Sign in via PKCE browser flow or store an API key in the OS keychain (`--api-key`).
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified auth login [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--no-browser]

DESCRIPTION
  Sign in via PKCE browser flow or store an API key in the OS keychain
  (`--api-key`).

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified auth login

  $ objectified --profile staging auth login

  $ objectified auth login --no-browser

  $ objectified auth login --api-key

  $ objectified auth login --api-key sk_live_…

  $ objectified --json auth login

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --no-browser  Do not launch a browser; print the login URL and read the
                authorization code from stdin.

SEE ALSO
  objectified auth logout

  objectified auth status

  objectified docs profiles
.fi
