.TH OBJECTIFIED\-PROJECTS\-LIST 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified projects list \- List Objectified projects for the active tenant (GET /v1/projects/{tenant_slug})
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified projects list [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--limit <value>]
    [--all] [--sort <value>] [--filter <value>...] [--search <value>]
    [--columns <value>] [--include-deleted]

DESCRIPTION
  List Objectified projects for the active tenant (GET
  /v1/projects/{tenant_slug})

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified projects list

  $ objectified --json projects list

  $ objectified projects list --sort name --limit 25

  $ objectified projects list --filter domain=finance --search payment

  $ objectified --profile staging projects list --all

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --all                List every matching row after sort/filter (no --limit
                       cap).
  --columns=<value>    Comma-separated columns: slug, name, domain, versions,
                       latest, latest_published_at, description, id,
                       updated_at, enabled, creator_email, creator_name,
                       published_at.
  --filter=<value>...  Keep rows where a field equals a value
                       (case-insensitive). Example: --filter domain=finance
  --include-deleted    Include soft-deleted projects from the API.
  --limit=<value>      [default: 50] Maximum rows after sort/filter (1–500;
                       default 50). Ignored with --all.
  --search=<value>     Case-insensitive substring match across slug, name, and
                       description.
  --sort=<value>       Sort by field; prefix with '-' for descending. Fields:
                       name, slug, updated_at, published_at (default: slug).

SEE ALSO
  objectified tenants use

  objectified config path

  objectified docs errors
.fi
