.TH OBJECTIFIED\-VERSIONS\-PUBLISH 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified versions publish \- Publish a draft schema revision (POST …/{record_id}/publish); runs pre-publish checks unless skipped (#3212).
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified versions publish PROJECT VERSION [--api-key <value>]
    [--api-key-file <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json]
    [--color] [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose]
    [--allow-breaking] [--skip-checks] [--update-tag <value>] [-m <value>]
    [--yes]

ARGUMENTS
  PROJECT  Project slug or UUID (uuid-shaped refs resolve as id first)
  VERSION  Draft semver (`v` optional), revision UUID, or tag resolving to a
           draft

DESCRIPTION
  Publish a draft schema revision (POST …/{record_id}/publish); runs
  pre-publish checks unless skipped (#3212).

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified versions publish payments-api v2.1.0

  $ objectified --json versions publish payments-api 2.1.0

  $ objectified versions publish payments-api v2.1.0 --allow-breaking

  $ objectified versions publish payments-api v2.1.0 --update-tag latest --message 'Ship refunds'

  $ objectified versions publish payments-api v2.1.0 --skip-checks --yes

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --allow-breaking      Allow publish when POST …/compatibility reports
                            breaking changes versus the published baseline.
  -m, --message=<value>     Publish short message stored as revision note
                            (maps to shortMessage on publish).
      --skip-checks         Bypass client-side pre-publish checks and send
                            skipPublishChecks to the API (emergency only).
      --update-tag=<value>  After a successful publish, move this tag name to
                            the published revision (create if missing).
      --yes                 Acknowledge destructive/skip-checks flows
                            non-interactively (required with --skip-checks).

SEE ALSO
  objectified versions create

  objectified versions list

  objectified versions show

  objectified docs errors
.fi
