.TH OBJECTIFIED\-VERSIONS\-SHOW 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified versions show \- Show one schema revision by semver, revision UUID, or tag name (GET …/{record_id} or …/by-version/{version_id}; tags from version tags)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified versions show PROJECT VERSION [--api-key <value>]
    [--api-key-file <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json]
    [--color] [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose]

ARGUMENTS
  PROJECT  Project slug or UUID (uuid-shaped refs resolve as id first)
  VERSION  Semver string (with or without v), revision UUID, or tag name (e.g.
           stable)

DESCRIPTION
  Show one schema revision by semver, revision UUID, or tag name (GET
  …/{record_id} or …/by-version/{version_id}; tags from version tags)

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified versions show payments-api v2.1.0

  $ objectified versions show payments-api 2.1.0

  $ objectified --json versions show payments-api stable

  $ objectified versions show payments-api 22222222-2222-2222-2222-222222222222

  $ objectified --profile staging versions show my-api next

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

SEE ALSO
  objectified versions list

  objectified projects show

  objectified tenants use

  objectified docs errors
.fi
