.TH OBJECTIFIED\-SPEC\-IMPORT 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified spec import \- Import an OpenAPI / Swagger / Arazzo document (POST /v1/imports/{tenant_slug}). Omit --project to create a project from spec info, then import.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified spec import FILE [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--project
    <value>] [--source openapi|swagger|arazzo|auto] [--from-file <value>]
    [--name <value>] [--slug <value>] [--description <value>] [--domain
    <value>] [--visibility private|public] [--yes]

ARGUMENTS
  FILE  Path to OpenAPI 3.x, Swagger 2.0, or Arazzo 1.x spec (JSON or YAML).

DESCRIPTION
  Import an OpenAPI / Swagger / Arazzo document (POST
  /v1/imports/{tenant_slug}). Omit --project to create a project from spec
  info, then import.

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified spec import ./openapi.yaml --project payments-api

  $ objectified spec import ./openapi.yaml --yes

  $ objectified spec import ./spec.json --slug my-api --visibility public --yes

  $ objectified spec import ./spec.json --project payments-api --source openapi

  $ objectified spec import ./workflow.yaml --project api --from-file ./import-options.json

  $ objectified --json spec import ./openapi.yaml --project payments-api

  $ objectified spec import ./fixtures/petstore.yaml --project petstore --yes

  $ objectified spec import ./arazzo.yaml --project checkout --source arazzo

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --description=<value>  Project description (import body; when creating a
                         project, stored on the new project).
  --domain=<value>       When creating a project: metadata domainCategory
                         (same as `projects create --domain`).
  --from-file=<value>    Merge ImportOptions JSON (selectedSchemas, naming,
                         etc.). CLI flags override file values.
  --name=<value>         Project display name (import body; when creating a
                         project, also used for POST /v1/projects unless
                         omitted).
  --project=<value>      Existing project slug or UUID (omit to create a
                         project from spec info.title / info.description /
                         contact / license, then import).
  --slug=<value>         Project slug (import body; when creating a project,
                         must match ^[a-z][a-z0-9-]{1,62}$ — use another if
                         the tenant already has this slug).
  --source=<option>      [default: auto] Override format detection (default:
                         auto-detect from document keys).
                         <options: openapi|swagger|arazzo|auto>
  --visibility=<option>  When creating a project: metadata visibility (private
                         or public).
                         <options: private|public>
  --yes                  Skip confirmation when creating a project from the
                         spec; required when stdin is not a TTY and --project
                         is omitted.

SEE ALSO
  objectified versions show

  objectified versions list

  objectified projects show

  objectified docs errors
.fi
