.TH OBJECTIFIED\-AUTH\-STATUS 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified auth status \- Show active profile, API base URL, tenant, user, auth type, token expiry, and plan (GET /v1/auth/cli/whoami).
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified auth status [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [-q] [--verbose]

DESCRIPTION
  Show active profile, API base URL, tenant, user, auth type, token expiry,
  and plan (GET /v1/auth/cli/whoami).

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified auth status

  $ objectified --profile staging auth status

  $ objectified --json auth status

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

SEE ALSO
  objectified auth login

  objectified auth logout

  objectified docs output

  objectified docs profiles

ALIASES
  $ objectified whoami
.fi
