.TH OBJECTIFIED\-AUDIT 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified audit \- Compare a local OpenAPI 3.x file to the published catalog bundle from GET /v1/schema/{tenant}/{project}/{version} using POST /v1/openapi/change-report. Exits with a validation error when anything would be removed from the local spec relative to the catalog, added on the catalog side, or semantically modified.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified audit PATH --ref <value> [--api-key <value>]
    [--api-key-file <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json]
    [--color] [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose]
    [--latest] [--accept <value>] [--format <value>] [--filename <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PATH  Path to the OpenAPI file, or `-` to read from stdin.

DESCRIPTION
  Compare a local OpenAPI 3.x file to the published catalog bundle from GET
  /v1/schema/{tenant}/{project}/{version} using POST
  /v1/openapi/change-report. Exits with a validation error when anything would
  be removed from the local spec relative to the catalog, added on the catalog
  side, or semantically modified.

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified audit ./openapi.yaml --ref acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0

  $ objectified audit ./spec.json --ref acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --latest

  $ objectified --json audit ./openapi.yaml --ref acme/my-api/1.0.0

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY); overrides
                          config.toml api_key. Not persisted unless you run
                          `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --accept=<value>    Optional Accept token for tag negotiation on GET
                      /v1/schema (for example tag:stable), same as
                      `objectified schema fetch --accept`.
  --filename=<value>  Original filename hint when PATH is `-` (improves format
                      sniffing).
  --format=<value>    Importer kind when extension/content sniff is ambiguous
                      (must resolve to openapi-3 for this command).
  --latest            Use version slug `latest` instead of the third segment
                      of --ref.
  --ref=<value>       (required) Published catalog target as
                      tenant/project/version (three slash-separated slugs;
                      same shape as `objectified schema fetch`).

SEE ALSO
  objectified import spec

  objectified schema fetch

  objectified versions show

  objectified docs errors
.fi
