.TH OBJECTIFIED\-VERSIONS\-LIST 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified versions list \- List schema versions for a project (GET /v1/versions/{tenant_slug}/{project_id}; tags joined from version tags)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified versions list PROJECT [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--state <value>]
    [--limit <value>] [--all] [--sort <value>] [--reverse]

ARGUMENTS
  PROJECT  Project slug or UUID (uuid-shaped refs resolve as id first)

DESCRIPTION
  List schema versions for a project (GET
  /v1/versions/{tenant_slug}/{project_id}; tags joined from version tags)

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified versions list payments-api

  $ objectified --json versions list payments-api

  $ objectified versions list payments-api --state draft,published --limit 25

  $ objectified versions list payments-api --sort published_at --reverse

  $ objectified --profile staging versions list my-api --all

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --all            List every matching version after sort/filter (no --limit
                   cap).
  --limit=<value>  [default: 10] Maximum rows after sort/filter (1–500;
                   default 10). Ignored with --all.
  --reverse        Reverse the default sort direction (defaults are
                   descending).
  --sort=<value>   Sort by version, published_at, or created_at (default:
                   version).
  --state=<value>  Comma-separated filters (OR): draft, published, archived,
                   frozen. Matches CLI-derived states.

SEE ALSO
  objectified projects show

  objectified projects list

  objectified tenants use

  objectified docs errors
.fi
