.TH OBJECTIFIED\-IMPORT\-JOBS 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified import jobs \- List specification import jobs for the tenant (GET /v1/tenants/{tenant_slug}/imports). Rows are summaries only (no event log); use GET …/imports/{job_id} for full status. The API keeps jobs in this server process—restarts clear the list.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified import jobs [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose]

DESCRIPTION
  List specification import jobs for the tenant (GET
  /v1/tenants/{tenant_slug}/imports). Rows are summaries only (no event log);
  use GET …/imports/{job_id} for full status. The API keeps jobs in this
  server process—restarts clear the list.

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified import jobs

  $ objectified --json import jobs

  $ objectified import jobs --tenant acme

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY); overrides
                          config.toml api_key. Not persisted unless you run
                          `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

SEE ALSO
  objectified import spec

  objectified tenants use

  objectified docs errors
.fi
