.TH OBJECTIFIED\-VERSIONS\-CREATE 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified versions create \- Create a new draft schema revision (POST /v1/versions/{tenant_slug}/{project_id}); CI-friendly.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified versions create PROJECT [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--version
    <value>] [--notes <value>] [--notes-file <value>] [--base <value>]
    [--branch <value>] [--draft] [--from-file <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PROJECT  Project slug or UUID (uuid-shaped refs resolve as id first)

DESCRIPTION
  Create a new draft schema revision (POST
  /v1/versions/{tenant_slug}/{project_id}); CI-friendly.

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified versions create payments-api --version 2.2.0-rc.1 --notes 'Adds idempotency keys'

  $ objectified --json versions create payments-api --version 1.4.0 --notes-file ./CHANGELOG.md

  $ objectified versions create payments-api --version 2.0.0 --base v1.9.0

  $ objectified versions create payments-api --from-file ./version-create.json

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --base=<value>        Copy schema from this semver, revision UUID, or tag
                        (default: latest published revision, if any).
  --branch=<value>      Named branch to advance when the project has multiple
                        version branches.
  --[no-]draft          Create a draft revision (default). Publishing via
                        --no-draft is not supported here — use `versions
                        publish` when available.
  --from-file=<value>   Merge fields from a JSON object
                        (VersionCreateRequest-shaped). CLI flags override file
                        values where both are set.
  --notes=<value>       Release notes (markdown). First line is also used as
                        the short revision note.
  --notes-file=<value>  Read release notes as UTF-8 markdown from a file
                        (mutually exclusive with --notes).
  --version=<value>     Semantic version for the new draft (required unless
                        set in --from-file).

SEE ALSO
  objectified versions list

  objectified versions show

  objectified projects show

  objectified docs errors
.fi
