.TH OBJECTIFIED\-PROJECTS\-CREATE 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified projects create \- Create a project for the active tenant (POST /v1/projects/{tenant_slug}); interactive or CI flags.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified projects create [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--name <value>]
    [--slug <value>] [--description <value>] [--domain <value>] [--visibility
    private|public] [--from-file <value>] [--yes] [--dry-run]

DESCRIPTION
  Create a project for the active tenant (POST /v1/projects/{tenant_slug});
  interactive or CI flags.

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified projects create

  $ objectified projects create --name 'Payments API' --slug payments-api --yes

  $ objectified projects create --from-file ./project.yaml --yes

  $ objectified projects create --dry-run --name 'Payments API' --slug payments-api

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --description=<value>  Optional description.
  --domain=<value>       Domain category id (metadata domainCategory).
                         Validated against GET …/domains when available.
  --dry-run              Print the POST JSON body and exit without calling the
                         API.
  --from-file=<value>    Load fields from JSON or YAML (validated JSON
                         Schema).
  --name=<value>         Project display name.
  --slug=<value>         URL-safe slug (^[a-z][a-z0-9-]{1,62}$).
  --visibility=<option>  Stored in project metadata: private or public.
                         <options: private|public>
  --yes                  Skip confirmation prompts (CI guard).

SEE ALSO
  objectified projects list

  objectified projects show

  objectified tenants use

  objectified docs errors
.fi
