.TH OBJECTIFIED\-SCHEMA\-FETCH 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified schema fetch \- Download the published OpenAPI bundle or one class schema from GET /v1/schema/{tenant}/{project}/{version}[/{class}] (stdin/stdout friendly; optional checksum gate).
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified schema fetch REF [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [-c <value>]
    [--format json|yaml] [-o <value>] [--expect-sha256 <value>] [--latest]
    [--accept <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  REF  Published target as tenant/project/version (slashes separate the three
       slugs; semver, latest, or server-resolved tag via --accept).

DESCRIPTION
  Download the published OpenAPI bundle or one class schema from GET
  /v1/schema/{tenant}/{project}/{version}[/{class}] (stdin/stdout friendly;
  optional checksum gate).

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified schema fetch acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0

  $ objectified schema fetch acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --format yaml > spec.yaml

  $ objectified schema fetch acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --class Charge --format json

  $ objectified schema fetch acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --output ./build/openapi.json

  $ objectified schema fetch acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --expect-sha256 <64-hex>

  $ objectified schema fetch acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --latest

  $ objectified schema fetch acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --accept tag:stable

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --accept=<value>         Extra Accept token forwarded to the API (for
                               example tag:stable); combined with class format
                               negotiation when --class is set.
  -c, --class=<value>          Fetch only this class (GET adds /{class_name};
                               uses content negotiation for JSON vs YAML).
      --expect-sha256=<value>  SHA-256 of the emitted bytes (after --format);
                               exit 7 when the digest does not match (CI drift
                               gate).
      --format=<option>        [default: json] Output serialization.
                               Full-bundle YAML is converted client-side from
                               JSON.
                               <options: json|yaml>
      --latest                 Send version_slug `latest` (overrides the third
                               segment of the positional ref).
  -o, --output=<value>         Write bytes to this path instead of stdout.

SEE ALSO
  objectified browse versions

  objectified versions show

  objectified docs errors
.fi
