.TH OBJECTIFIED\-TENANTS\-USE 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified tenants use \- Set or clear the default tenant slug for the active profile (writes tenant_slug in config.toml; validates via HEAD /v1/tenants/{slug})
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified tenants use [SLUG] [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--clear]

ARGUMENTS
  [SLUG]  Tenant slug to use as the profile default

DESCRIPTION
  Set or clear the default tenant slug for the active profile (writes
  tenant_slug in config.toml; validates via HEAD /v1/tenants/{slug})

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified tenants use acme-corp

  $ objectified tenants use --profile staging acme-staging

  $ objectified --json tenants use acme-corp

  $ objectified tenants use --clear

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --clear  Remove tenant_slug from this profile so each command needs --tenant
           or OBJECTIFIED_TENANT.

SEE ALSO
  objectified tenants list

  objectified config path

  objectified docs profiles
.fi
