.TH OBJECTIFIED\-SCHEMA\-SWAGGER 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified schema swagger \- Open hosted Swagger UI at GET /v1/swagger/{tenant}/{project}/{version} or download the published OpenAPI bundle (GET /v1/schema/…) as JSON/YAML. On an interactive TTY, defaults to opening the browser unless --output or --format is set; piping, non-TTY stdout, or global --json emits the bundle instead.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified schema swagger REF [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--open] [--format
    json|yaml] [-o <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  REF  Published target as tenant/project/version (slashes separate the three
       slugs; semver or published tag slug).

DESCRIPTION
  Open hosted Swagger UI at GET /v1/swagger/{tenant}/{project}/{version} or
  download the published OpenAPI bundle (GET /v1/schema/…) as JSON/YAML. On an
  interactive TTY, defaults to opening the browser unless --output or --format
  is set; piping, non-TTY stdout, or global --json emits the bundle instead.

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified schema swagger acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0

  $ objectified schema swagger acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --open

  $ objectified schema swagger acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --output ./swagger.json

  $ objectified schema swagger acme-corp/payments-api/2.1.0 --format json > ./openapi.json

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --format=<option>  Bundle serialization for download mode (GET
                         /v1/schema/…). When set without --output, writes to
                         stdout. Full-bundle YAML is converted client-side
                         from JSON.
                         <options: json|yaml>
      --open             Open the Swagger UI page in the default browser (also
                         the default when stdout is a TTY and neither --output
                         nor --format is set).
  -o, --output=<value>   Write the OpenAPI bundle to this path instead of
                         stdout (GET /v1/schema/…).

SEE ALSO
  objectified schema fetch

  objectified browse versions

  objectified versions show
.fi
