.TH OBJECTIFIED\-BROWSE\-VERSIONS 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified browse versions \- List published versions for a project from GET /v1/browse/tenants/{tenant}/projects/{project}/versions (public directory; optional credentials include non-public published versions)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified browse versions REF [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--since <value>]
    [--limit <value>] [--all]

ARGUMENTS
  REF  Tenant and project slugs as tenant/project (for example
       acme-corp/payments-api).

DESCRIPTION
  List published versions for a project from GET
  /v1/browse/tenants/{tenant}/projects/{project}/versions (public directory;
  optional credentials include non-public published versions)

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified browse versions acme-corp/payments-api

  $ objectified --json browse versions acme-corp/payments-api

  $ objectified browse versions acme-corp/payments-api --since 2026-01-01

  $ objectified browse versions acme-corp/payments-api --all

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --all            Print every version returned by the API after filters (no
                   --limit cap).
  --limit=<value>  [default: 50] Maximum rows to display (1–500; default 50).
                   Ignored with --all.
  --since=<value>  Include only versions published on or after this instant
                   (ISO 8601, forwarded to the API as `since`).

SEE ALSO
  objectified browse projects

  objectified browse tenants

  objectified versions list

  objectified docs errors
.fi
