.TH OBJECTIFIED\-AUTH\-LOGOUT 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified auth logout \- Revoke CLI refresh token at the API (OAuth profiles) and remove stored credentials from the OS keychain and any encrypted file fallback.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified auth logout [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--all-profiles]

DESCRIPTION
  Revoke CLI refresh token at the API (OAuth profiles) and remove stored
  credentials from the OS keychain and any encrypted file fallback.

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified auth logout

  $ objectified --profile staging auth logout

  $ objectified auth logout --all-profiles

  $ objectified --json auth logout

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --all-profiles  Revoke and clear stored OAuth credentials for every profile
                  in config.

SEE ALSO
  objectified auth login

  objectified auth status

  objectified docs profiles
.fi
