.TH OBJECTIFIED\-SPEC\-IMPORT\-STATUS 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified spec import status \- Show import job status (GET /v1/imports/{tenant_slug}/{job_id}); --watch polls until a terminal state
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified spec import status [JOBID] [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--last] [--watch]

ARGUMENTS
  [JOBID]  Import job UUID (optional when --last reads
           ~/.cache/objectified/last-import-job-<tenant>.txt)

DESCRIPTION
  Show import job status (GET /v1/imports/{tenant_slug}/{job_id}); --watch
  polls until a terminal state

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified spec import status 7c3d2a1b-…-e22a

  $ objectified spec import status --last

  $ objectified --json spec import status --last

  $ objectified spec import status --watch

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY). Not persisted
                          unless you run `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --last   Use the latest job id cached for this tenant after a successful
           spec import POST.
  --watch  Re-poll every second until a terminal state (exit codes match spec
           import polling).

SEE ALSO
  objectified spec import

  objectified spec import commit

  objectified spec import cancel

  objectified docs errors
.fi
