.TH OBJECTIFIED\-IMPORT\-SPEC 1 "" "" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
objectified import spec \- Start a tenant-scoped specification import (POST /v1/tenants/{tenant_slug}/imports with JSON+base64), poll job status with backoff, then commit (default), rollback preview, or stop after preview (`--no-commit`). Progress steps are logged to stderr as `[n] …` (use `--quiet` to suppress). Before the job starts, OpenAPI and AsyncAPI specs print an extracted summary (catalog project name/slug/version, spec title, description, and remaining `info` metadata such as contact and license). Catalog version ids default to permissive parsing with warnings when they are not strict SemVer 2.0; pass `--strict` to enforce strict semver and fail on mismatch. Use `--publish=public` or `--publish=private` to publish after import completes; that step skips server publication gates — verify the catalog yourself (CLI warns on success). `--verbose` adds HTTP diagnostics and poll backoff timings. Supported formats vs the dashboard Import dialog and repository filename scanner: docs/CLI_SPEC_IMPORT_FORMAT_PARITY.md (Epic #3328).
.SH DESCRIPTION
.nf
USAGE
  $ objectified import spec PATH [--api-key <value>] [--api-key-file
    <value>] [--base-url <value>] [--config <value>] [--json] [--color]
    [--profile <value>] [--tenant <value>] [-q] [--verbose] [--map-project
    <value> | --create-project | --create-or-map-project |
    --existing-project-id <value>] [--project-name <value>] [--project-slug
    <value>] [--version <value>] [--project-description <value>]
    [--version-description <value>] [--domain <value>] [--visibility
    private|public] [--yes] [--format <value>] [--filename <value>] [--strict]
    [--dry-run] [--no-wait] [--commit] [--rollback] [--publish public|private]
    [--publish-message <value>]

ARGUMENTS
  PATH  Path to the spec file, or `-` to read raw bytes from stdin.

DESCRIPTION
  Start a tenant-scoped specification import (POST
  /v1/tenants/{tenant_slug}/imports with JSON+base64), poll job status with
  backoff, then commit (default), rollback preview, or stop after preview
  (`--no-commit`). Progress steps are logged to stderr as `[n] …` (use
  `--quiet` to suppress). Before the job starts, OpenAPI and AsyncAPI specs
  print an extracted summary (catalog project name/slug/version, spec title,
  description, and remaining `info` metadata such as contact and license).
  Catalog version ids default to permissive parsing with warnings when they
  are not strict SemVer 2.0; pass `--strict` to enforce strict semver and fail
  on mismatch. Use `--publish=public` or `--publish=private` to publish after
  import completes; that step skips server publication gates — verify the
  catalog yourself (CLI warns on success). `--verbose` adds HTTP diagnostics
  and poll backoff timings. Supported formats vs the dashboard Import dialog
  and repository filename scanner: docs/CLI_SPEC_IMPORT_FORMAT_PARITY.md (Epic
  #3328).

EXAMPLES
  $ objectified import spec ./openapi.yaml --project-name 'Payments API' --project-slug payments-api --version 1.0.0

  $ objectified import spec ./openapi.yaml --map-project payments-api --version 1.0.0

  $ objectified import spec ./openapi.yaml --create-project --project-name 'Payments API' --project-slug payments-api --version 1.0.0 --yes

  $ objectified import spec ./openapi.yaml --tenant acme --create-or-map-project --yes --no-wait

  $ objectified import spec ./openapi.yaml --create-or-map-project --project-name 'Payments API' --project-slug payments-api --version 1.0.0 --yes --no-wait

  $ objectified --json import spec ./spec.json --project-slug my-api --project-name 'My API' --version 2.0.0 --no-wait

  $ objectified import spec - --filename ./api.yaml --project-slug svc --project-name Service --version 0.1.0 < ./api.yaml

  $ objectified import spec ./asyncapi.yml --project-slug events --project-name Events --version 1.0.0 --dry-run

  $ objectified import spec ./openapi.yaml --create-or-map-project --yes --publish=private

COMMON
  --base-url=<value>  Root REST API URL.
  --config=<value>    Path to config file (default: XDG config dir /
                      Objectified AppData on Windows — see `objectified config
                      path`).
  --profile=<value>   Named credentials profile (OBJECTIFIED_PROFILE); falls
                      back to default_profile in config.
  --tenant=<value>    [env: OBJECTIFIED_TENANT] Tenant slug for this run only
                      (overrides OBJECTIFIED_TENANT and config tenant_slug).

OUTPUT
  --[no-]color  Enable/disable ANSI colors (--no-color sets NO_COLOR;
                    colors are off when stdout is not a TTY).
      --[no-]json   Emit machine-readable JSON (OBJECTIFIED_JSON=1;
                    auto-enabled when stdout is not a TTY).
  -q, --quiet       Suppress non-error stdout (spinners, banners, tips).
      --verbose     Verbose logging on stderr (OBJECTIFIED_VERBOSE=1).

AUTH
  --api-key=<value>       [env: OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY] API key for direct
                          authentication (OBJECTIFIED_API_KEY); overrides
                          config.toml api_key. Not persisted unless you run
                          `auth login --api-key`.
  --api-key-file=<value>  Read API key from a file (single line; avoids shell
                          history).

OTHER
  --[no-]commit
      After preview (pending-approval), POST …/commit (default). Use --no-commit
      to leave the preview transaction open.

  --create-or-map-project
      Resolve project by slug: reuse when metadata matches; otherwise create
      then import (CI-friendly). Mutually exclusive with --map-project and
      --create-project.

  --create-project
      POST /v1/projects/{tenant} when --project-slug is free, then import onto
      that project id. Refuses if the slug already exists.

  --domain=<value>
      Optional domainCategory when creating a project (only with
      --create-project or --create-or-map-project).

  --dry-run
      Forward dry_run in import options (validate/analyze without persisting;
      server-defined).

  --existing-project-id=<value>
      Legacy: attach the job to this catalog project id. Cannot be combined with
      --map-project / --create-project / --create-or-map-project.

  --filename=<value>
      Original filename hint when PATH is `-` (improves sniffing for stdin
      payloads); may include directories (basename is used).

  --format=<value>
      Importer kind when extension/content sniff is ambiguous (openapi-3,
      asyncapi-2, protobuf, graphql, …).

  --map-project=<value>
      Target an existing catalog project by slug (tenant-scoped lookup);
      forwards metadata.existing_project_id. Mutually exclusive with
      --create-project, --create-or-map-project, and --existing-project-id.

  --no-wait
      Start the job and print the job id immediately without polling or finalize
      calls (CI stitching).

  --project-description=<value>
      Optional project description forwarded in import metadata.

  --project-name=<value>
      Display name for the catalog project. With --create-or-map-project,
      defaults to info.title from OpenAPI/AsyncAPI. Otherwise required except
      with --map-project (optional there for validation only).

  --project-slug=<value>
      URL-safe project slug (^[a-z][a-z0-9-]{1,62}$). With
      --create-or-map-project, derived from the display name when omitted.
      Otherwise required unless --map-project supplies the slug.

  --publish=<option>
      After the import finishes successfully (saved revision, final state
      completed), publish that revision with public or private visibility. POST
      …/publish uses skipPublishChecks so server gates (class descriptions,
      OpenAPI materialization, baseline compatibility) do not block — verify the
      catalog yourself; the CLI warns after success. Ignored with --no-wait,
      dry-run, or when stopping before commit. Sends shortMessage via
      --publish-message, else first line of --version-description, else a
      default.
      <options: public|private>

  --publish-message=<value>
      Revision note (shortMessage) for POST …/publish when using --publish; max
      500 characters. Overrides the default and --version-description.

  --rollback
      After preview (pending-approval), POST …/rollback instead of commit
      (implies --no-commit).

  --strict
      Require catalog version ids (--version or spec info.version) to satisfy
      strict SemVer 2.0 parsing. Without this flag, loose semver is normalized
      when possible and non-semver labels are forwarded with a warning.

  --version=<value>
      Catalog revision version id (prefer SemVer 2.0). With
      --create-or-map-project, defaults to info.version from OpenAPI/AsyncAPI
      when omitted. Required for other project strategies. Without --strict,
      invalid strict semver is normalized or forwarded with a warning.

  --version-description=<value>
      Optional version description forwarded in import metadata.

  --visibility=<option>
      Optional visibility metadata when creating a project: private or public
      (default: private).
      <options: private|public>

  --yes
      Non-interactive guard for CI scripts (recommended with create-if-missing
      flags; import itself does not prompt).

SEE ALSO
  objectified import jobs

  objectified projects create

  objectified versions create

  objectified docs errors

  objectified tenants use
.fi
